hello guys we were in the 2003 Honda
Pilot again I just finished up that
video doing the interior LEDs so now
we're going to do the reverse light LEDs
so for this we're just gonna need the
reverse lights and the screwdriver
alright so if you ever wondered what
these two panels are for they're the
reverse lights so what you do take a
close be driver in here comes and this
is the bulb this is a socket to get this
out you have to turn it one quarter
rotation counterclockwise
um knees can actually be a little
difficult if your bulbs never been taken
out it's gonna be pretty difficult and
here's the bulb now to get it out if you
want to save the bulb don't touch it
don't touch it with your fingers but
alright not saving these bulbs you come
here with your LED these have a negative
and a positive so if you put it in and
you have someone check to see if the
ball one if it's on and it's not on you
just have to come in here and replace it
and turn it the other way so that's it
got the bulb in then you put it back in
on angle like this turn it clockwise
till it clicks come in here with the
panel pop it in and you're done
alright so we got it in on the other
side those are the lights we just put in
the other video
do zeolites and again very easy very
simple I think this cost me two dollars
for these two bulbs and it makes a world
of difference it's much safer and light
replacements probably the easiest
cheapest Mahdi can do to your car I've
done the license plate lights in blue
I'll show you a video those and if you
have any questions feel free to shoot me
a question in the comments and I'll do
my best to answer thanks for watching